Added cli and updated tail of first blog (#28)
NLESC-JCER/run-cpp-on-web: js-webapp/README.md

method to iteratively find ``equation``'s root, with ``equation`` and its ``derivative`` being imported from
``algebra.cpp`` via the ``include`` line near the top.

To make sure the code actually works in C++ we will wrap it in a main function, compile it and run it.

```cpp
#include <iostream>
#include <iomanip>

#include "newtonraphson.hpp"

int main() {

>   double initial_guess = -20;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  double initial_guess = -4;
```

  double tolerance = 0.001;
  NewtonRaphson finder(tolerance);
  double x1 = finder.solve(initial_guess);
  std::cout << "Function root is approximately at x = ";
  std::cout << std::fixed << std::setprecision(2) << x1 << std::endl;
  return 0;
}
```
File: _cli.cpp_

Compile it

```shell

> c++ -o newtonraphson -I. newtonraphson.cpp cli.cpp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
g++ -o newtonraphson -I. newtonraphson.cpp cli.cpp
```

Author: Moved compile command (g++) to cli.cpp

```

And run it, to see if it returns the correct answer, `-1.00` in our case.

```shell
./newtonraphson
The value of the root is : -1.00
```

Nice, it works as expected.

> Next let's define the JavaScript interface our class should have with Emscripten bindings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, let's define the JavaScript interface with Emscripten bindings.
```

            const newtonraphson = new NewtonRaphson(tolerance);
            const root = newtonraphson.solve(initial_guess);
            // Write root to tag with answer as identifier

>             document.getElementById("answer").innerHTML = root.toFixed(4);

Reviewer: The cli has a precision of 2. Why do we have 4 here?

Author: Doh, you are correct, I wanted to compromise and go to 4, but changed my mind halfway.

_The resulting page if everything works._

> Looking at the plot of the equation we expect the root to be `-1.00`, which is exactly what the HTML page in the browser is showing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looking at the plot of the equation we expect the root of the equation to be `-1.00`, which is exactly what the HTML page in the browser is showing.
```

> So what did we do, we wrote a simple algorithm in C++, wrote Emscripten bindings, compiled a WebAssembly module and ran the algorithm in a web browser using some JavaScript to talk to the module.

Reviewer: Can we rephrase it? It is difficult to read. May be it helps to split it to multiple sentences.

Author: rewrote to bullet list

ps. also shortened cli section.

The nice thing about this solution is that we don't need expensive infrastructure to perform computation as the
computation is done in the users web browser. We just need somewhere to host the files.

> In upcoming blogs will see how we can perform the computation without blocking the user interface, make a nice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In upcoming blogs we will see how we can perform the computation without blocking the user interface, make a nice
```

> interactive form and make a visualization using a scatter plot. In a wrap up blog we will combine all the code of this and upcoming JavaScript WebAssembly blogs in a final web application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interactive form and make a visualization to show data from each iteration. In a wrap up blog we will combine all the code of this and upcoming JavaScript WebAssembly blogs in a final web application.
```
